---
path: "/life/oop/3"
entry: 3
week: "9/7 - 9/13"
---

1. **What did you do this past week?**

    I think I’ve made decent progress on the project. While I’m still working on optimizations, I now feel more comfortable with using new tools (GitLab, Docker), which I had to overcome my lack of experience using, of course.

    I also rewatched all of the lectures for this class, because I’m still having a hard time fully grasping everything on synchronous Zoom lectures. It really helps to see the lectures twice and rewind as many times as I need to so I can absorb the lecture content.

1. **What’s in your way?**

    I’m currently getting a segmentation fault before I can find out if I pass the 3 HackerRank tests. I only have a slight clue from Piazza on where to look for the cause, but once I figure that out, I feel like I’ll be able to finish things off or improve my optimizations.

1. **What will you do next week?**

    Since all of my projects are due at pretty much the same time (the beginning of this week), I’ll have more time to improve my resume and start spamming online applications. I’m a bit worried that I’ve already fallen behind on recruiting season, but I’m not panicking as long as I can get my resume and portfolio ready and polished up before the career fair.

1. **What was your experience of Collatz, the starter code, the makefile, its optimizations, and exceptions?**

    I feel more comfortable now that I’ve thoroughly rewatched the lectures. The concept and project are both simple, which I’m glad it is, so I don’t have to stress about doing a difficult project AND getting used to using the tools. The makefile docker command gave me a bit of trouble before I went to the Wednesday help session and someone gave me a simple fix. I definitely understand the optimizations on a high level, but implementing them in the projects take a while to think about. I’m familiar with exceptions by now thanks to the code I’ve worked on in my internship.

1. **What made you happy this week?**

    I completely finished Jojo so I can finally move on to another anime. I have too many recs and don’t know which one to start with, and I’m not able to watch multiple animes at the same time.

1. **What’s your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

    My pick-of-the-week is [Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/what-is/elasticsearch). For my internship, a lot of my tasks involved implementing Elasticsearch into our data tables to make them searchable and give infinite-scroll pagination when loading data on our pages. I found it quite easy to use along with AWS AppSync, as the required queries are autogenerated in the schema.